EBS is a storage solution for EC2 instances.
It is a physical hard drive that is connected to the server to increase storage.
It has to be attached to your server and mounted before you start storing data on it.
Some instance types come with EBS volumes already attached.
There are two types of memory for an EC2 instance;
in memory or instance store and on EBS.
The benefit of using EBS over the instance store is that you're able
to persist data after the EC2 instance is terminated or shut down.
Any data stored on the volume are still accessible.
A neat feature provided by AWS is that
each Amazon EBS volume is automatically replicated within its availability zone.
This protects you from component failure,
offering high availability and durability.